All righty, so let's go ahead
and take a look at our development process.
So in this video, we're going to focus on step one of
downloading the HTML template starter files.
Okay, so let's go ahead and move into a web browser
and let's access this URL link that I have on the screen.
So let's go ahead and look at our file system here
and take a look at that file.
So I'll move into my browser downloads directory here.
There is that file OO-starter-files.zip.
And give me one second here.
I want to open up a new window here from our file system
so I can move some files around.
All right, so down at the bottom,
I want to create a new folder on my file system.
I'll call it ecommerce-project-release-2.0.
You can use any name that you want.
And then this is the directory
that I'll put my starter files in
so let me just go ahead and open up this directory
ecommerce-project-release-2.0
and unzip up top
and simply move those files down to my directory.
Okay, great.
This looks pretty good.
So I should have ecommerce-project-release-2.0
and my OO-starter-files.
There's three main directories here,
db-scripts, luv2shop-template, and product-image-assets,
and we'll use these directories and files
in the upcoming videos.
All right, so for now I want to go through
and actually view the HTML templates
so we'll move into that directory luv2shop-template
so this has .html files, assets, and CSS styles.
Let's go ahead and open up home.html.
All right, so this looks good.
So this is just a demo template.
There's no real functionality.
There's no database interaction.
We're simply using files locally in our file system.
But don't worry, later in the course,
we'll hook in our backend Spring Boot system.
But anyway, I just want to kind of play around
with this given template,
take a look at it, click on some links and so on.
I can actually click on one of these products here
and it'll take me to the details page for this product
so this will be our master detail view for a given product
so our product-detail.html on the top URL bar.
And I can also add something to the cart.
And again, just a demo, no real updates on anything,
but just showing you the pages here and the layout.
And then down in the bottom right, I can click checkout.
This will take me to the checkout page for a given customer.
And then finally we could do the purchase and so on.
All right, so again just the basics with HTML.
We'll actually integrate this into our Angular application.
We'll hook this into our Spring Boot backend.
We'll get real information from the database
and we'll start adding real functionality
to this application.